the gas has gone up
and we're here at the apple store in
Dallas on dogs McKinney and there is a
huge line here i'm actually surprised by
how many people courses a big deal of
electron
hundred thousand three orders in
there's actually a gentleman that's been
here for six days and so they're about
to open the doors and think we have
about 25 more minutes
we're going to talk to you
ordering was a bit of a process it
wasn't difficult at school to retry my
wife one of the white iphone so I wasn't
available
keep checking the website and get
pounded Soros and we kept you know we
got a number of different stories about
one thing to be available so decides to
take our chances or show lose money
I'm not gonna be able to work done so I
will do better
ha
we got here at like midnight one o'clock
yeah
absolutely new features with ios4
multitasking folders unified inbox are
you kind of like that should have been
there all along or do you don't really
care as long as there it should have
been there all along but it's it's so
well done now where it's like it's okay
like that you know like with tethering
you know I you know teller he's been in
there forever but still tethering is a
great example because I can plug in my
iphone my laptop there's really no
install there's no setups and it just
works is your was simpler just easily
waited I have jailbroken mine yeah like
with a pair with the iOS for this is not
really need for you at this point i
phone experience of spilled unique touch
or and all that the personal people are
just or
so I don't know life I've never handled
on a droid but
Oh
okay so they open the doors now
everyone's getting their iPhone and
everyone's we excited and that's pretty
much it guys thanks guys for tuning in
be sure and keep on phone dog
call the iphone 4 News
and I will keep you updated of course on
all the other hot new smartphones that
come out samsung galaxy s my next point
other honda releases of
it's best for watching absolutely I'll
see you guys
you